# PLNTZ

I am a year 12 student working on a project to distribute native plants. The project is non profit and has been created for the intent to encourage sustainability abiding by Sustainable goal 11. Key ideas for this project to be successful have been listed in the Product Backlog: We need to make sure that the right amount of money is going to the right place, like buying the plants and soil, materials for packaging, thinking about distribution and possibly advertisement. An area to be used as a nursery has to be identified by the end of term 1.The project is to advertise Greymouth as a more green friendly area and enforce the idea of sustainability as well as creating opportunities for youth. I as well as a few other level 1, 2 and 3 Greymouth highschool students are using various underlying aspects of our class focus, Game Design and Programming, to help with the advertisement and distribution of native plants. I specifically am working on finding a design for the logo and the packaging. There will also need to be some sort of fundraising event both to provide more funding but also serve as advertisement for the project. Our class has split into a few different teams with the primary focuses being Advertising and Distribution. I am working with the Distribution group which is tackling the design of ‘Your Native Nursery’ and working on a program to pick 50 random ratepayers to be eligible for the beginning of the project. We are also working on finding an area for the plants to be nursed as well as a way of transporting the plants to the 50 randomly selected ratepayers. Advertising is focusing on creating games/ short films to show the general idea of what we are trying to achieve as well as using platforms such as twitter to create advertising campaigns.  

**Random Password Generator
<iframe src="https://trinket.io/embed/python/49d68cce93" width="100%" height="450" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
**Error controls

Cameron came and tested my code. The code was made to generate random passwords using 4 uppercase letters, 5 lowercase letters and 2 numbers. Once the characters were chosen, it would then randomize them and print them onto the screen, with a message saying ‘this is your password.

